+++
date = "2017-06-17T20:33:42-07:00"
title = "about"
draft = false

+++

#### Intro

Welcome! I am a writer and all\-around logical thinker who worked my way into an interesting and challenging technology career. I've worn several hats, as you can see below; but no matter the role, I try to bring problem\-solving and improved documentation to the table. I enjoy helping people make software, and software development proceseses, work better for them.
 
 
#### Career

As a **quality assurance analyst** (2013 \- present), I write test plans and test cases, and do the testing on, all enhancements to our software products. We have a small department with no dedicated technical writer, so I volunteer to author any documents I am able to. I write guides to using new features, attempting to bridge the gap between product delivery and product implementation and usage. I also help developers refine the instructional and error text that appears in our user interfaces.


As a **user acceptance tester** (2011 \- 2013), I scrutinized documents that were generated by our automated system to ensure that they were properly formatted as well as technically accurate. I pointed out errors in spelling, grammar, and punctuation, and recommended changes to business verbiage where I felt that greater clarity was needed.


In my first **multi\-faceted technical role** (2008 \- 2011), I translated product owners' ideas into functional specifications and narrative product descriptions. I wrote conference abstracts and RFP responses to help promote our services. I developed test cases and testing guidelines to improve internal quality assurance processes. I also wrote training materials for our customers.
​
#### Personal

In a previous life as a city planner (2007 \- 2008), I wrote staff reports that analyzed development proposals for adherence to zoning and environmental regulations.
​

I have a [personal blog](http://cascadewallflower.wordpress.com) that is updated once in a while. In my free time I love to ride my bike, play Scrabble, sing karaoke, eat pie, and snuggle with my cats.
